0. However, if you're going to use JMS's MessageListener and you want the best performance you'll want to use 1 connection, 2 sessions, 1 consumer on each session, and 1 MessageListener on each consumer.
1. If message1 and message2 are sent in that order from the same thread, or from the same actor and they are sent to the same actor (and that actor is using a mailbox that does not reorder messages: the default mailbox does not, but one can implement mailboxes which reorder messages, e.g. in order to implement prioritization), message2 will not be received by the target actor before message1.
2. If you're going to use the simplest JMS pattern then you can use 1 connection, 1 session, and 2 consumers.
3. In other words, the broker must dispatch messages to consumers in the order in which they were added to the queue.
4. Selectors only work on the headers or properties of the message so the consumer must know something about the message(s) it wants to consume.
5. As MQ will completely ignore any value set by message producer, and it will always override your MessageId with arbitary value.
6. You need to filter if you are waiting for player confirmation.
7. Observer design pattern should be used when the message contract depends on the Subject.
8. For example, if a producer sends 100 messages and each message has a property myProperty whose value is 1 to 100 in order and the consumer wants to consume the last message on the queue then it would use the selector myProperty = 100.
9. When you create a logger you can pass a MessageFactory as second parameter to the LogManager#getLogger call (e.g. LogManager#getLogger(Class<?>, MessageFactory).
10. These messages will be dispatched in FIFO order relative to each other, but they may jump ahead of other messages that would otherwise be dispatched before them.
11. Messages with a higher priority may be dispatched by the broker to consumers before messages with a lower priority.
12. Also, we can make format the dynamic message with properties returned from ValidationMessage.javaclass such as arguments, path e.t.c.
Take a look at the PR
With this setup, this line of code:

Should print your customized error message.
13. If your design depends on what the observers need to know about the message, you should use the pulling style.
14. You can do it in lot of way, but I suggest you to create a list, and put all players that need to confirm.
15. The key should be the validation type, and the value should be the custom message.
16. For example if you have JSON schema like this ( with default message) :

You can customize the error messagge by changing above JSON schema as follows:
17. Edit: since it is not recommended to add Throwable#toString() to the log message, I changed the example, so that if the last parameter is an instance of Throwable, it is interpreted as the throwable attached to the message.
18. Because there is always a possibility to change the contract of messages for the sake of observers.
19. [B. Once you fix this error, you will still not be able to successfully set MessageId.
20. Finally you need to switch to the default content.
21. Thus any of the of these four is possible:

message1 is received and then message2
message1 is received, but message2 is never received
message1 is never received, but message2 is
neither message1 nor message2 is ever received

Note that there is no guarantee that two message sends to different actors will be received in any particular order.
22. Only messages that match the selector will be dispatched to the consumer.
23. This is because JMS sessions are not thread-safe and each MessageListener will be invoked asynchronously so if you want the listeners to be able to receive messages concurrently you'll want a session for each.
24. So, after landing on that page and closing the cookies banner and clicking the feedback button you need to switch into that iframe.
25. There is also no guarantee regarding the ordering of message sends from two different actors (or if outside of any actor (e.g. in a Future callback or the main method), a different thread)).
26. And that is your error.
27. But if you really really need to know MessageID of sent message - because of audit, correlation or something else - you can first send message, and the read MessageID field back.
28. A few more notes:

This code eats a ton of memory if the file is large, and there is absolutely no need for it; you can just repeatedly read a smallish byte array, send it to the MessageDigest object via an update method.
29. In order to format your messages with a MessageSource you need to create:

a new type of Message:


and a matching message factory:


then you can use the message factory to instantiate your loggers:



There are some disadvantages of the example above:

since "code" gives you no information about the number of parameters, if "code" resolves to "Hello {0} and {1}", a call like

will just discard the throwable parameter instead of using it as the throwable of the message.